Updated settings instructions for new UI (#6839)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/deployment-freeze.md

   
   Freeze windows can be set at the Harness account, org, or project levels.

> 2. Select the [scope](/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) for the freeze window:
>    1. Account: go to **Account Settings** > **Security and Governance** > **Freeze Windows**.
>    2. Organization: go to **Organization Settings** > **Security and Governance** > **Freeze Windows**.
>    3. Project: go to **Project Settings** > **Security and Governance** > **Freeze Windows**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add a freeze window.
```

> 3. **Click New Freeze Window**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Security and Governance**, then select **New Freeze Window**.
```
